Okay, today is
Tuesday the 5th of March.
And today's the day
that my book The Trading
Game is being released.
So you probably
will have seen by now.
I've done about
a million interviews
for every newspaper
in the world
on this book.
And it's been crazy.
Everybody's
recognising me
in the street,
and we're getting
tons of new viewers
on the channel.
The main thing that
I want to say today is
we've sold
a lot of these books.
And what is starting
to become clear
is that we have a
pretty good chance
of coming out
week one as number one
nonfiction book
in the whole country,
which is crazy.
We don't know for sure
that's going to happen.
Basically, if
we come in at number one,
then everyone
will see that
this is the number one
nonfiction
book in the country,
and it will be number one
on the shelves in every
bookshop in the country.
And we are going to sell
a ton more books
and a ton
more people are going
to find out
about this work.
And a ton more people
are going to find out
about this channel.
I don't like to do
‘buy my book buy my book’
videos,
but books sold between
now and Saturday,
including Saturday
will count towards
the charts basically.
So if you are thinking
about buying the book,
please buy it
between now and Saturday,
because it will help us
be number one
book in the country
and that would be
an amazing achievement
for me and for everyone
who has supported
the channel
and who follows
the channel,
and it will really
help us to grow. So
yeah, I don’t like doing
'buy my book’ stuff,
but the book is out
today.
I’ve put a lot of my heart
and soul into this book.
I think it's really good.
The reviews
are coming in.
Good people
seem to like it, and I
hope you’ll like it.
And if you're going
to buy it,
please buy
the physical copies
is what counts towards
the charts.
I know
some of you are going
to buy the audible
or the online book but
if you are interested
in physical books
and you can buy
between now and Saturday.
Please do it
and keep
an eye on the charts
and hopefully we’ll be
the number one
book in
the whole country.
So thank you
for your support
and let's
see how we do. Thank you.